of the vehicles delay the March of the voice of
god of darkness into the light but one
chosen her summoned to war
here another soldier by the hands of God
being stoned walking in the midst of
God thorns goes on opening the
paths on the ladder of life
feels the money glorifies the Lord
even in despair one is being
humiliated year glorifies the rent is
late
hand glorifies in the worst moments that
your faith in God builds does not matter if
are you walking
the important thing is always to be in the faith
and at all times saying no to lucy faith
saying no to lucy faith
so yes I will always cry that everything
so I wear no outfit that
always handy to go I have prevaricated
In my life, Jesus.
Without power
I will not give up
the evora that all my friends of the
lord to my guardian who always loved
where to go I have prevailed
namie your life
have to run in my memory have
Several memories I remember in the old
When I was a child, I remember
friends who are no longer partners here
who died without knowing peace more
true that only Jesus Christ brings the
My Lord bless the children that they
come to have more hope than when
of the time they do not get involved with
the world of crime is told to see you
kid of 12 with a revolver in his hand
over the age of 25 crime is an illusion for
children I wish the future better
away Grove ace marijuana
they will be cause for joy to
every mother suffering from the periphery and
Let your parents come and teach your children.
How should you go about teaching them love?
of jesus the only true way
light so that in the future they will not come
suffer because this world has nothing to
good to offer to all children and
taking this clamor to where she's there
A lot of peace and a lot of love
I'm not going to give up I'm always going to pray to
that all my friends of the Lord have
water that always at hand lived
will prevail in my life at
Sometimes I feel I have power.
so I will exist
I'll always pray that everything
Mr. pinecone friends that water always
God's hand will prevail in my
your life
jesus that you have power you foresee
power and do all the evil in my
broken the Lord General and the
The Lord's periphery is coming.
I protect my partners
where they walk here from crime and
drugs they come to dodge only the
Lord Wise Ransom I Passed
If I'm here today, I want to praise the king.
of usames lord kings like yours
messenger that true friendship comes
worth more than money
I remember the old and when we think
all the guys just thought of johar in the
money field
he played soccer and did not care
the heat of the sun
I was very happy in my cry
I thank everyone who helped in the
My walk always told me
not give up that in the front I had the
It's better for me, that's why I'm here.
singing this song it's us guys
You live in my heart, partner of
truth never forget in my
memory when it prevails and from here to
forehead and we with God to the end
I send and only pros fine mesh on the bonfim
It was in the end of montreux him if I
I always pray that all my friends
Lord, there is water that is always at the hand of God.
nor to prevail
in my life jesus pinto has power
will not give up
I will always pray that everyone
the friends of the lord pine hold
always at the hand of God who has pleasure
namie cesusc your life you can not have
I'll give up
I will always pray that all my
friends, the Lord is waiting for you always
God's hand will prevail
namie your life jesus feel has power